Oss to ee (#143)
kestra-io/kestra.io: docs/administrator-guide/configuration/others/README.md

### `kestra.variables.env-vars-prefix`
Kestra provides a way to use environment variables in your flow.
By default, we only get environment variables that start with `KESTRA_`, use this configuration option to change this prefix.

These variables will be accessible inside a flow with <code v-pre>{{ env.your_env }}</code>.

For example, an environment variable with the name `KESTRA_MY_ENV` will be usable with  <code v-pre>{{ env.my_env }}</code>.

### `kestra.variables.globals`

> You can also provide globals variables that will be accessible in all your flows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also provide global variables that will be accessible in all your flows.
```

The rendering of template variables cache is an LRU cache (keep most used) and will be in memory (default `1000`). You can change the size of the template cache (in number of templates), take care that the higher this number will be, the more memory the server will use, maybe for not so many used templates.

### `kestra.tasks.defaults`

> You can also provide tasks defaults that will be applied on each tasks on your cluster **if not defined** on flows or tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also provide task defaults that will be applied on each task on your cluster **if not defined** on flows or tasks.
```

> It will allow to be sure a value was defined at a default value for these tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It will allow being sure a value was defined at a default value for these tasks.
```

        - ".*\\[Url: /api/.*"
```

### `kestra.configurations.delete-files-on-start`: Delete configuration files

> This setting allows to delete all configuration files just after the server startup. It prevents the ability to read configuration files (that may contain your secrets) from a Bash task for example. The server will keep these values in memory and they won't be accessible from tasks. Values are either `true` or `false` (default `false`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This setting allows to deletion of all configuration files just after the server startup. It prevents the ability to read configuration files (that may contain your secrets) from a Bash task for example. The server will keep these values in memory and they won't be accessible from tasks. Values are either `true` or `false` (default `false`).
```

## Management endpoints configuration
Management endpoints configuration can be done with Micronaut configuration from [Micronaut endpoint configuration](https://docs.micronaut.io/latest/guide/index.html#endpointConfiguration).

> You can also secure all endpoints with a basic authentication using this additional configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also secure all endpoints with basic authentication using this additional configuration:
```

## JVM configuration

> All JVM options can be passed in an environment variable named `JAVA_OPTS`. You can use it to change all JVM options available, such as memory, encoding, etc...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All JVM options can be passed in an environment variable named `JAVA_OPTS`. You can use it to change all JVM options available, such as memory, encoding, etc.
```

By default, Kestra will handle all dates using your system's timezone. You can change the timezone with JVM options.

Changing the timezone will mostly affect:

> * **scheduler**: by default, all schedule dates are UTC, changing the Java timezone will allow to schedule the flow in your timezone.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **scheduler**: by default, all schedule dates are UTC, changing the Java timezone will allow scheduling the flow in your timezone.
```

## Anonymous usage report

Understanding how you use Kestra is very important to us: it helps us improve the solution in many ways.

> For this reason, the `kestra.anonymous-usage-report.enabled` option is mandatory: we want you to take time to consider whether you wish to share anonymous data with us, so we can benefit from your experience and use cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this reason, the `kestra.anonymous-usage-report.enabled` option is mandatory: we want you to consider whether you wish to share anonymous data with us so that we can benefit from your experience and use cases.
```

### `kestra.webserver.html-head`: Append some head tags on the webserver application

> Useful for injecting css or javascript to customize a web application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Useful for injecting CSS or JavaScript to customize a web application.
```
